personal friend
I'll show you today
a little bit of the trot I used here
I predicted
the three red lights pt models
I already have one here
as of neighborhood
but I
I bought
this closed model
the law says it's a free market
I was broke with an error e74
I fixed it
and then do that
as today
but not that it was so good, the group has been doing
with the appliance
so I decided to make the world
I have feelings
the sympathetic apo
you can see
3 that your new airplane
one two three and two years ago
So how does this work?
in these two by this route
this first
having the brake released
inside the appliance
this third that he takes the air
and the two from behind also take the
the temperature drop
is quite significant
one dead the other side of a friend of mine
I also made this template
and I looked like
an error 01 02
It works until today.
already made there about four months the wall of beauty
and also have to put some
I do not know how to use it too I think of South Africa
planning is a bit looser
prefeitura do rio recommends
spend a day from the bottom of the device
Gerson is the tip but one detail
I will learn
the drugs in the device
I did not do anything that was aggressive.
I had to use these
court of litigation
the diploma
with the arrival of the human body
God in your financial situation
I went through the holes of the device
toast the fists as if the poor
It got weird effective than the ones in white but over the defense and black
gets very noticeable at this point
I still did not understand
for one more but an interesting detail is that to make these
healings work
it's five in total
youre gonna need it
from a source
12 volt
with at least the foot
I bought the strong marking of the bridges
beauty
so the tip is to do nothing
It was good to have been a big hug video.